What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

- Git creates a .git directory in the working directory (in which you created
  the repository). This directory contains all of the meta data for the
  repository. You need to do this in order for git to know there's a repository
  in the working directory and for git to manage it correctly.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

- The staging area is a holding place for files you want to commit but haven't
  been committed to the repository yet. The working directory is the current
  directory of all files (within which may be some that you don't want to
  commit). This is good because you may have some huge files in the directory
  you don't want to commit, or files that will never change, or unrelated files,
  or files you're not finished editing yet, etc. This gives you more control to
  make commits that represent logical units of work.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

- As "git add" is a manually entered command to add files to the staging area,
  we ensure that only files related to a logical change will be committed
  to the repository.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

- Branches would be useful when modifying the codebase in any way (e.g. fixing
  a bug, adding a new feature, experimenting, etc.) where we don't want to
  disturb the master version of the code. This becomes especially important
  when collaborating with others on the same project--branches can allow for
  each person to work independently, and then merge their changes (once
  completed and tested) back into the master version for everyone else to use. 

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

- It helps show how commits in the repository relate to each other, where some
  commits can get lost if they are not in a branch, and where commits may
  conflict with each other in the future.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

- The result of merging the two branches together is that the code is combined.
  We show in the diagram because that's the easy way to show visually that the
  tips (or latest commits) of branches were combined into a single new commit.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

- Git's automatic merging saves a lot of time when combining changes bewteen two
  files. The cons are that when there are conflicts, you have to go through and
  resolve them manually. But you would have had to do that anyway. Doing merges
  manually is much more time consuming since you would have to visually compare
  two files and copy/paste code, delete code, or modify code by hand. This also
  introduces the possibility of mistakes and new bugs.
